efficient and cost-effective digital
label press finishing with the servo
3000 by rotary technologies doing the
finishing work on a print job is an art
ball in and of itself a wide web print
job maybe a dozen images wide and needs
to be die-cut in order to be used
lamination lends a professional gloss to
labels and other materials in fact many
products from a digital label press must
be laminated in order to be useful a
digital press does not finish its work
in the sense that it does laminate
die-cut or strip thus another machine
needs to be used for this part of the
operation digital presses are an
excellent choice for short print runs
there is less set-up time and less waste
than with a rotary press also a digital
press can vary the content of its labels
for example a product may require
different labeling from state to state
and different languages of a product as
destined for different countries
pharmaceutical products herbicides
pesticides and other products may
require extensive labeling with
variations making the job ideal for a
digital press but now that the job is
printed we need a finishing solution
doing finishing on an existing press
requires that the press be able to
re-register the web from the job on the
digital press this makes the job
difficult on older presses thus there
are a number of offline solutions that
take the digital printed label and do
the finishing however
these finishing lines cannot do
finishing on multi-layer extended
content labels they also take up more
space when not in use
what is a manufacturer to do a
cost-effective and efficient solution is
to take a look back at an existing flex
Opress and upgraded with a state of the
art in feed and re-register system check
out the servo 3000 digital in feed and
re-register system made by rotary
technologies one the servo 3000 is an
easily mounted web press accessory to
using a servo 3000 assisted press avoids
the problem of having paid for a modular
finishing machine that stands idle when
not in use for finishing work three
using the servo 3000 also makes an
existing press more flexible more
efficient and reduces waste both on make
ready and during operation the serval
3000 is an upgrade to flex o and other
rotary presses its function in doing
finishing work for a digital press is a
byproduct of its rear edge astray ssin
system that can take jobs from other
presses to add colors make corrections
or to do finishing by using a servo 3000
assistant press for digital print
finishing the manufacturer gains an
improved
flex oppress in the bargain won this
press will print on a wider variety of
substrates and at full press speed 2 it
will have point zero zero to five inches
of resolution at full speed when
printing pre-registered rolls three it
will also be able to finish multi-layer
label print jobs from a digital press
and that is something that the modular
offline machines cannot
for the manufacturer planning to use a
digital label press for short-run label
printing the servo 3000 n feed plus
re-registration
may well be the best choice for digital
print finishing for more information
about the revolutionary servo 3000
digital impede and register system visit
www.gfi.com/webmonitor